# BasicListView_Sprint_Retrospective
Great effort was made to create user stories that were independent (reduce bottlenecks), negotiable (placeholder for conversation), valuable (facilitate objective evaluation), estimable (predict effort required), small (code increments), and testable (fulfill the value proposition). The user stories format contained the type of user (the person taking a vacation), what action they want to perform (customized options on the SNHU website), and how this action would benefit them (have a top ten list developed from their profile).
The user stories were sorted in groups of small, medium, and large (1 large, 4 mediums, and 1 small). Prioritization aided the scrum team in determining what stories to take into the sprint. The action portion of the story dictated the added value of the user story and the acceptance criteria provided a metric for comparison during spring reviews. Also, the action portion helped determine the inputs and expected outputs. This reduced the need to write detailed functional specifications.
Three-point estimate: For my future studies I would like to incorporate the three-point method. I generally impose a heavy work load on myself at the beginning of each term. However, another student told me that this will lead to burn out. Taking the mostly likely estimate, the optimistic estimate, the pessimistic estimate, and dividing by three will help me develop a consistent work flow over the term.
T-shirt sizes: Kovalenko mentioned that the planning poker technique fails when novice users try to estimate story points estimate relative to time. It appears more intuitive to group tasks according to small, medium, and large.  I will not have to self-impose a time constraint when approaching a task. It is a linear comparison between requirements and size. The more requirements, then the larger the size. Inevitably, a time will have to assigned to the size. My time predictions will become more accurate with practice.
I good team member is continuously tries to find new and innovated ways to become a better developer. Constantly being open, honest, and transparent with coworkers. A good developer does not assume they know everything and does not need help. They are inclusive by leveraging the expertise and unique experiences across the organization. Also, the user diversity to solve challenges in product development.
